Update 5TB section (#2891)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/change-user-storage.md

For any user that reaches at least 90% capacity of their 25 TB of OneDrive storage, additional cloud storage will be provided as 25 TB SharePoint team sites to individual users. 

> Admins can check for OneDrive eligibility beyond 5TB via [Check OneDrive site eligibility for increased storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/troubleshoot/storage/check-storage-increase-eligibility). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins can check for OneDrive eligibility beyond 5 TB via [Check OneDrive site eligibility for increased storage](/sharepoint/troubleshoot/storage/check-storage-increase-eligibility). 
```
